caf: power_manager: Document Kconfig changes (#21143)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/caf/power_manager.rst

To enable the |power_manager|, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_POWER_MANAGER` Kconfig option in the configuration.

Implied features
================

The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_POWER_MANAGER` option implies the following features that can be used to reduce power consumption:

> * System power off support (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_POWEROFF`)
>   The option is not implied for nRF54H SoC Series (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_SERIES_NRF54HX`), because the :c:func:`sys_poweroff` API is not yet fully supported on nRF54H SoC Series.
> * Device Power Management (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_DEVICE`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* System power off support (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_POWEROFF`).
  The option is not implied for an nRF54H Series SoC (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_SERIES_NRF54HX`), because the :c:func:`sys_poweroff` API is not yet fully supported on the nRF54H Series SoC.
* Device Power Management (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_DEVICE`).
```

> nRF54H SoC Series
> -----------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nRF54H Series SoC
-----------------
```

> For the nRF54H SoC Series (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_SERIES_NRF54HX`), the module also implies the following features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the nRF54H Series SoC (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_SERIES_NRF54HX`), the module also implies the following features:
```

> * Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:pm-system` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM`)
>   The nRF54H SoC Series (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_SERIES_NRF54HX`) integrates the System Power Management to reduce power consumption while inactive.
> * Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:pm-device-runtime` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_DEVICE_RUNTIME`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:pm-system` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM`).
  The nRF54H Series SoC (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_SERIES_NRF54HX`) integrates the System power management to reduce power consumption when inactive.
* Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:pm-device-runtime` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_DEVICE_RUNTIME`).
```

  The feature can be used to reduce power consumption of device drivers.

>   Enabling the Device Runtime Power Management also prevents from using System-Managed Device Power Management (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_DEVICE_SYSTEM_MANAGED`) by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Enabling the device runtime power management also prevents using system-managed device power management (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_DEVICE_SYSTEM_MANAGED`) by default.
```
https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/services/pm/device_runtime.html

>   The System-Managed Device Power Management does not work properly with some drivers (e.g. nrfx UARTE) and should be avoided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The system-managed device power management does not work properly with some drivers (for example, nrfx UARTE) and must be avoided.
```

To enable the |power_manager|, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_POWER_MANAGER` Kconfig option in the configuration.

Implied features
================

The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_POWER_MANAGER` option implies the following features that can be used to reduce power consumption:

* System power off support (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_POWEROFF`).
  The option is not implied for an nRF54H Series SoC (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_SERIES_NRF54HX`), because the :c:func:`sys_poweroff` API is not yet fully supported on the nRF54H Series SoC.
* Device Power Management (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_DEVICE`).

>   The option allows to reduce power consumption of device drivers while they are inactive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The option allows to reduce the power consumption of device drivers while they are inactive.
```

>   You can disable the feature if your application does not use device drivers that integrate device power management.

Reviewer 2: You can -> you should ?

Author: Discussed offline. Will change to `It is recommended to ...`

>   Disabling the feature reduces memory footprint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Disabling the feature reduces the memory footprint.
```

nRF54H Series SoC
-----------------

For the nRF54H Series SoC (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_SERIES_NRF54HX`), the module also implies the following features:

* Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:pm-system` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM`).
  The nRF54H Series SoC (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_SERIES_NRF54HX`) integrates the system power management to reduce power consumption when inactive.
* Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:pm-device-runtime` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_DEVICE_RUNTIME`).

>   The option extends device power management and depends on :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_DEVICE` Kconfig option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The option extends device power management and depends on the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_DEVICE` Kconfig option.
```
